             ------   START OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS   -------

AMCHARTS SOFTWARE SAAS / APPLICATION LICENSE AGREEMENT

PLEASE READ CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS PRODUCT: This license agreement
(hereinafter, the “License”) is a binding legal agreement between (a) you
(either in your capacity as an individual or as a single entity) and (b)
Antanas Marcelionis (hereinafter, “amCharts”) that governs your use of the
amCharts Charts software, together with any electronic documentation that may be
provided therewith (collectively, “the Software”) through the Software. Other
software provided by third parties and used with the Software may be subject to
a separate license agreement.

BY INSTALLING OR OTHERWISE USING THE SOFTWARE YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS
OF THIS LICENSE. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THESE LICENSE TERMS, YOUR SOLE REMEDY IS
TO REQUEST A REFUND BY CONTACTING AMCHARTS AT CONTACT@AMCHARTS.COM.

YOU HEREBY AGREE, BOTH ON YOUR OWN BEHALF AND AS AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF
ANY ORGANIZATION FOR WHICH YOU ARE USING THE SOFTWARE (hereinafter, the
“EMPLOYER”), THAT YOU AND THE EMPLOYER WILL USE THE SOFTWARE ONLY IN ACCORDANCE
WITH AND SUBJECT TO THE FOLLOWING TERMS:

0. SUMMARY OF WHAT YOU CAN AND CAN’T DO WITH THE SOFTWARE IN HUMAN LANGUAGE

CAN

- Use in one (1) website which requires subscription (paid or free) and uses
  amCharts’ library(ies) in areas that require user identification OR Use in
  one (1) re-distributable software product (including its various versions on
  different platforms, i.e. a mobile app with versions for iOS and Android).
- Use on any number of copies of the same website for testing and development.
- Use on any number of physical or virtual servers.
- Use on any number of web pages within the same website.
- Use by any number of users.
- Use by any number of individual developers.
- Use on any number of sub-domains or alias domains used to access the same
  website.
- Disable visual amCharts branding.
- Modify the core functionality of the library.

CANNOT

- Distribute the library on its own, not as part of other application.
- Transfer the software to anyone or allow others to use it (even to the other
  group companies).
- Include the library in software development tools (e.g. tools used to produce
  other software, such as frameworks and compilers)
- Include the library in software that will be rebranded and sold by 3rd parties
  as their own software.


1. GRANT OF LICENSE

amCharts grants you the following non-exclusive rights provided you agree to and
comply with all terms and conditions of this License and upon your full payment
of the applicable fees: a personal, nonexclusive, nontransferable license to
install and use the Software on one SaaS Website or one App. You can also modify
the Software for the sole purpose of adaptation and customization for your own
purposes as long as the modified Software is subject to the terms of this
License. Hereinafter the term “Software” shall also include a modified version
of the Software where applicable.

For the purposes of this License the “SaaS Website” shall mean a website which
requires users’ subscription (paid or free) to access that part of the website
which uses the Software. One SaaS Website shall mean (a) a website accessible by
one domain name and its sub-domains or (b) an identical website accessible by
another domain name, or (c) a translation of the same website into another
language, or (d) a development, testing, staging or quality assurance version of
the same website.

“App” means desktop or mobile software application to provide specific
functionality in support of one or more business processes. One App means a
single App that is equivalent in name and functionality.
 

2. UPGRADES AND SUPPORT

This License shall entitle you to version updates and upgrades of the Software
for the period of twelve months from the date of your purchase. For the purpose
of this License, an “update” of the Software is defined as that which adds minor
 functionality enhancements or any bug fix to the current version (and may be
identified by the change of the revision to the right of the decimal point,
i.e. 3.1 to 3.2) and an “upgrade” is a major release of the Software and is
defined as that which incorporates major new features or enhancement that
increase the core functionality of the Software (and may be identified by the
change of the revision to the left of the decimal point, i.e. 4.X to 5.X).
Whether a version release is an update or an upgrade is determined by amCharts
in its sole discretion.

This License shall entitle you to complimentary technical support of the
Software via email for twelve months from the date of your purchase. This
technical support is subject to a limit of 12 support hours, provided and logged
by amCharts support agents. The support hours are non-transferable,
non-refundable, and do not carry over to other license purchases or subscription
renewals if not used within twelve months of the original purchase. This
technical support shall not include support related to hardware of any kind,
including without limitation servers that you use to deploy the Software or
clients that users use to access your implementation of the software.

 
3. ADDITIONAL SOFTWARE

This License applies only to the Software and updates or supplements to the
Software provided by amCharts. Depending on how you choose to deploy the
Software, you may need to acquire licenses to other, third-party software. 
amCharts shall not be liable or otherwise responsible for your failure to obtain
such licenses.

 
4. TRANSFER

The Software may only be transferred to another party in the event that you are
entering into this agreement on behalf of the Employer, and the Employer is
acquired by another company or in the event of merger of two or more companies
that involves the Employer. Any transfer must include all component parts,
media, printed materials and this License. You may not rent, lease or lend the
Software or use the Software for “timeshare” use. You may not sublicense, assign
or transfer the license or Software except as expressly provided in this
License.
 

5. PROPRIETARY RIGHTS

All intellectual property rights in the Software are owned by amCharts or its
suppliers, as applicable, and are protected by law, including but not limited to
copyright, trade secret, and trademark law, as well as other applicable laws and
international treaty provisions. You shall not remove any product
identification, copyright notices or proprietary restrictions from the Software
(except for the branding link on the chart itself which you can remove).
 

6. LICENSE RESTRICTIONS

You agree that you may not and shall not and that if applicable, the Employer
may not and shall not (a) defeat, disable, or circumvent any protection
mechanism related to the Software; (b) use the Software or any parts of it to
develop a product directly competing with the Software; (c) use the Software in
more than one SaaS Website or one App, (d) distribute, publish or share the
modified version of the Software and/or derivative works based on the Software
separately from your SaaS Website or your App; (e) distribute or license the
Software and/or derivative works based on the Software for non-end users;
(f) include the Software in a product that will be rebranded and sold by a 3rd
party as its own.

For the purposes of this License the “non-end user” shall mean a user
(e.g. your client) who acquires the Software for any other purposes than for his
own use and not for distribution, resale, user interface design, or software
development purposes. The third party should purchase the OEM license directly
or alternatively our Extended OEM License can be acquired.

Nothing contained herein shall be construed, expressly or implicitly, as
transferring any right, license or title to you other than those explicitly
granted under this License. Unauthorized copying of the Software or failure to
comply with the restrictions herein will result in automatic termination of this
License and will constitute immediate, irreparable harm to amCharts for which
monetary damages would be an inadequate remedy, in which case injunctive relief
will be an appropriate remedy for such breach.


7. TERM

This License is effective unless terminated or rejected. You may terminate this
License by destroying the Software and any copies of the Software in your
possession. This License will also terminate upon conditions set forth elsewhere
in this License or if you or an Employer fail to comply with any term or
condition of this License.


8. USE OF DATA

The Software will not collect and transmit to amCharts any data or information.

You agree that amCharts and its affiliates or suppliers may collect and use
technical information you provide in relation to support services related to the
Software. amCharts and its suppliers agree not to use this information in a form
that personally identifies you except to the extent necessary to provide such
services.
 

9. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES

You acknowledge that the Software is offered on an “AS-IS,” “AS-AVAILABLE” basis
and amCharts does not warrant that the functions contained in the Software will
meet your requirements or that the operation of the Software will be
uninterrupted or error free. Computer software is inherently subject to bugs and
potential incompatibility with other computer software and hardware exists and
cannot reasonably be eliminated. You should not use the Software for any
applications in which failure could cause any significant damage or injury to
persons or tangible or intangible property.

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, AMCHARTS AND ITS SUPPLIERS
PROVIDE THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT “AS IS” AND WITH ALL FAULTS, AND HEREBY DISCLAIM
ALL OTHER WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, EITHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, ANY
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, DUTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, OF FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND OF LACK OF VIRUSES ALL WITH REGARD TO THE SOFTWARE
PRODUCT. NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION OR ADVICE GIVEN BY AMCHARTS OR AN
AMCHARTS AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE SHALL CREATE A WARRANTY.
 
Some jurisdictions do not allow exclusion of implied warranties or limitations
on the duration of implied warranties, so the above disclaimer may not apply to
you in its entirety. IN NO EVENT DOES AMCHARTS PROVIDE ANY WARRANTY OR
REPRESENTATIONS WITH RESPECT TO ANY THIRD PARTY HARDWARE OR SOFTWARE WITH WHICH
THE SOFTWARE IS DESIGNED TO BE USED, AND AMCHARTS DISCLAIMS ALL LIABILITY WITH
RESPECT TO ANY FAILURES THEREOF.
 

10. INFRINGEMENT REMEDIES

If the Software, or any component thereof, is found to be infringing or if any
use of the Software or any component thereof is enjoined, threatened to be
enjoined or otherwise the subject of an infringement claim, amCharts shall, at
its option and sole cost and expense: either (i) procure for you the right to
continue to use the Software, (ii) modify or replace such Software in a manner
that retains its functionality and quality so that it is no longer infringing,
misappropriating or violating such right or (iii) require you to terminate the
use of and return the Software and refund all license fees paid by you with
respect thereto.

This Section 10 states the indemnifying party’s sole liability to, and the
indemnified party’s exclusive remedy against the other party for any type of
claim described in this Section.


11. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

Notwithstanding any damages that you might incur, the entire liability of
amCharts and any of its suppliers under any provision of this License and your
exclusive remedy for all of the foregoing shall be limited to the greater of the
amount actually paid by you for the Software or US$100.00. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT
PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL AMCHARTS OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, FOR LOSS
OF DATA OR OTHER INFORMATION, FOR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, FOR PERSONAL INJURY,
FOR LOSS OF PRIVACY ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO THE USE OF OR
INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT, OR OTHERWISE IN CONNECTION WITH ANY
PROVISION OF THIS LICENSE), EVEN IF AMCHARTS OR ANY SUPPLIER HAS BEEN ADVISED OF
THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND EVEN IF THE REMEDY FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL
PURPOSE. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of
incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may
not apply to you.
 

12. CAPACITY AND AUTHORITY TO CONTRACT

You represent that you are of the legal age of majority in your jurisdiction of
residence and, if applicable, you are duly authorized by the Employer to enter
into this contract.


13. APPLICABLE LAW AND SEVERABILITY

If you are a resident of or a company which place of business is in the US or
 EU, this License shall be governed by the laws of the jurisdiction of your
place of residence. In other cases the laws of the Republic of Lithuania shall
govern this License. Additionally, if you are a company which place of business
is in the US, you agree that this License shall not be governed by the United
Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods, the
application of which is expressly excluded. You irrevocably submit to the
jurisdiction of the state courts sitting in Vilnius, Lithuania, and any action
or proceeding arising out of this License will be heard and determined in such
court. If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision,
or portion thereof, to be unenforceable, such provision will be interpreted in
order to give effect to such provision to the maximum extent permitted by law,
and the remainder of this License will continue in full force and effect.
 

14. ENTIRE AGREEMENT

This License (including any addendum or amendment to this License or as included
with the Software) contains the entire agreement between you and amCharts
relating to the Software, and the License supersedes all prior or
contemporaneous oral or written communications, proposals and representations
with respect to the Software or any other subject matter covered by this
License. To the extent the terms of any amCharts policies or programs for
support services conflict with the terms of this License, the terms of this
License shall control.
 

Aspose End User License
https://products.conholdate.app/viewer/view/NaOfm5N5Y2cN9AGNQ/aspose_end-user-li
cense-agreement_2021-01-19.pdf?preview=true.pdf
 

A picture containing text, clipart

Description automatically generatedAspose Pty Ltd

Suite 163, 79 Longueville Road
Lane Cove, NSW, 2066

Australia

 
Date Revised: 19th January 2021
 

End User License Agreement

 

IMPORTANT: READ CAREFULLY: This Aspose End User License Agreement ("Agreement")
is a legal agreement between You and Aspose for the materials accompanying this
Agreement, which may include computer software, printed materials, and “on line”
or electronic documentation and resource files, project and solution files for
Aspose Products.


BY INSTALLING, DOWNLOADING, COPYING OR OTHERWISE USING THE PRODUCT, YOU AGREE TO
BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF
THIS AGREEMENT, DO NOT INSTALL, DOWNLOAD, COPY OR USE THE PRODUCT.
 

The Product is protected by copyright laws and international copyright treaties,
 as well as other intellectual property laws and treaties. Aspose or its
suppliers own the title, copyright and other intellectual property rights in the
Product. The Product is licensed, not sold.
 

1.        DEFINITIONS.

1.1.      “API” or “Application Programming Interface” means a publicly 
          accessible interface defining the ways by which an application
          program may request services from libraries and/or software.

1.2.      “Aspose” or “Company” means Aspose Pty Ltd and its subsidiaries which
          includes the brands Aspose, Conholdate and GroupDocs.

1.3.      “Confidential Information” is any information marked as confidential.
          Confidential Information does not include information: (a) which is
          publicly known; (b) which is disclosed to the other party without
          restriction by a third party and without any breach of confidentiality
          by the third party; or (c) which is developed independently by the 
          other party without reliance on any of the discloser’s Confidential 
          Information.

1.4.      “Derived Works” means works based upon or using the Product.

1.5.      “Developer” means one of Your employees or third-party consultants 
          authorized to develop Derived Works specifically for You using the 
          Product in accordance with this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, 
          the term Developer may include report authors or administrators when 
          referring to Reporting Products.

1.6.      “Enhanced Support” means any paid support package, including Developer 
          Support, Business Support, and Enterprise Support.

1.7.      “Evaluation Version” means use of the Product without a License File. 
          An Evaluation Version is a fully functional version of the Product  
          except the results produced will include an Aspose watermark or a 
          feature limitation, specified by the Product documentation.

1.8.      “License File” means an electronic file which enables the Product to 
          operate without evaluation restrictions. The License File is generated 
          by Aspose when the Product is purchased and is provided to You. The 
          License File contains information about You, the Product, and the 
          license grant.

1.9.      “Maintenance Subscription” means paid access to Product Updates and 
          fixes.

1.10.     “Metered Products” means Products licensed under the titles ‘Metered 
          Small Business License’, and ‘Metered OEM License’.

1.11.     “Metered Fee” means a monthly fee that Aspose will charge You for the 
          use of Metered Products. The Metered Fee shall be calculated based on 
          Your usage of the Metered Product for the prior thirty (30) days 
          period.

1.12.     “Physical Location” means any distinct physical address. For example, 
          each store and/or office within a company with a unique address is 
          classed as a separate physical location.

1.13.     “Product” or “Aspose Product” means the Software licensed under this 
          Agreement.

1.14.     “Reporting Products” means all Aspose SharePoint, SQL Server Reporting 
          Services (“SSRS”) and JasperReports Products.

1.15.     “SaaS” or “Software as a Service” means a model of software deployment 
          whereby a provider licenses an application to customers for use as a 
          service on demand.

1.16.     “SDK” or “Software Development Kit” means a set of development tools 
          that allows a software engineer to create applications for a certain 
          software package, software framework, hardware platform, computer 
          system, video game console, operating system, or similar platform.

1.17.     “Software” means computer software, associated media, printed
          materials, and "on line" or electronic documentation provided under
          this Agreement.

1.18.     “Temporary License File” means an electronic file which enables the 
          Product to operate without evaluation restrictions for a limited 
          period of time. The Temporary License File is generated by Aspose 
          and is provided to You. The Temporary License File contains 
          information about You, the Product, and the evaluation period.

1.19.     “Unmetered Products” means Products licensed under the titles 
          ‘Developer Small Business License’, ‘Developer OEM License’, 
          ‘Site Small Business License’, and ‘Site OEM License’.

1.20.     “Updates” means technical support, new version, new release, 
          and/or supplements to the Product and/or related information.

1.21.     “You” or “Your” means the purchaser, either an individual or a single 
          entity.

2.        GRANT OF LICENSE. Aspose grants You the rights described in this
          Agreement provided that You comply with all the terms and conditions 
          of this Agreement:

2.1.      General License Grant. Except for termination for cause, Aspose hereby
          grants to You a nonexclusive, nontransferable, perpetual license to 
          use any versions of the Product that were accessible during the term 
          of this Agreement. Aspose grants use of the Product according to one 
          of the license types below as identified in the Product title. Such 
          use shall be in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, 
          which provisions shall survive any termination of this Agreement. The 
          means by which You shall have access to the Product shall be in a 
          manner and form substantially equivalent to the means by which access 
          is provided under this Agreement.

2.2.      LICENSE DESCRIPTIONS

2.2.1.    Developer Small Business License. A Developer Small Business license 
          permits One (1) Developer to create an unlimited number of Derived 
          Works using the Product which can be used at only One (1) Physical 
          Location (distinct address or office building) within Your 
          organization. This license is royalty free. This license type does not 
          allow distribution of Derived Works to third parties, public facing 
          web sites/applications, extranets, multi-site intranets or SaaS 
          project usage scenarios.

2.2.2.    Developer OEM License. A Developer OEM license permits One (1)
          Developer to create an unlimited number of Derived Works using the 
          Product which can be used at an unlimited number of Physical Locations 
          (distinct address or office building) within or outside of Your 
          organization. This license is royalty free. This license type allows 
          distribution of Derived Works to third parties, public facing web 
          sites/applications, extranets, multi-site intranets, app stores or 
          SaaS project usage scenarios.

2.2.3.    Site Small Business License. A Site Small Business license permits up
          to Ten (10) Developers to create an unlimited number of Derived Works
          using the Product which can be used at Ten (10) Physical Locations
          (distinct address or office building) within Your organization. This
          license is royalty free. This license type does not allow distribution
          of Derived Works to third parties, public facing web
          sites/applications, extranets or SaaS project usage scenarios. It can
          support multi-site intranet usage subject to the restrictions on
          Developers and Physical Location numbers.

2.2.4.    Site OEM License. A Site OEM license permits up to Ten (10) Developers
          to create an unlimited number of Derived Works using the Product which
          can be used at an unlimited number of Physical Locations (distinct
          address or office building) within or outside of Your organization.
          This license is royalty free. This license type allows distribution of
          Derived Works to third parties, public facing web sites/applications,
          extranets, multi-site intranets, app stores or SaaS project usage
          scenarios.

2.2.5.    Metered Small Business License. A Metered Small Business license
          permits an unlimited number of Developers to create an unlimited
          number of Derived Works using the Product which can be used at One (1)
          Physical Location (distinct address or office building) within Your
          organization. This license is not royalty free. This license type does
          not allow distribution of Derived Works to third parties. It does
          allow public facing web sites/applications, extranets or SaaS project
          usage scenarios.

2.2.6.    Metered OEM License. A Metered OEM license permits an unlimited number
          of Developers to create an unlimited number of Derived Works using the
          Product which can be used at an unlimited number of Physical Locations
          (distinct address or office building) within or outside of Your
          organization. This license is not royalty free. This license type
          allows distribution of Derived Works to third parties, public facing
          web sites/applications, extranets, multi-site intranets, app stores or
          SaaS project usage scenarios.

2.3.      Evaluation Versions and Temporary Licenses. When using an Evaluation
          Version or a Temporary License, You MAY NOT use the Product to produce
          any Derived Works with the exception of Works produced exclusively for
          the purpose of Product evaluation. If You use the Product in any other
          Derived Works, You must purchase the applicable license or You may be
          sued for collection and punitive damages. If You do not agree to these
          terms, then do not evaluate the Product and remove it from Your
          computer immediately. Temporary licenses are limited to three (3),
          thirty (30) day licenses per customer per twelve (12) month period.

2.4.      Documentation. You may make any number of copies of the electronic and
          other documentation provided with the Product or downloaded from the
          Aspose website, provided that all copies must be used only for
          internal purposes and may not be republished or distributed
          externally.

2.5.      Disassembly. You may not reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or
          in any other way try to gain access to information regarding the
          construction of the Product(s).

2.6.      Transfer. You may not rent, lease, lend, sub-license, sell, assign,
          transfer or pledge the Product in a standalone fashion or this
          Agreement, on a temporary or permanent basis, unless you first receive
          written permission from Aspose.

2.7.      Reservation of Rights.  Aspose reserves all rights not expressly
          granted herein.

3.        DESCRIPTION OF OTHER RIGHTS AND LIMITATIONS.

3.1.      Redistribution Restrictions for Unmetered Products

3.1.1.    Unmetered Products may not be distributed in any form that allows the
          Product to be reused by any application other than Your Derived Work.

3.1.2.    Unmetered Products may not be included as part of an SDK.

3.1.3.    Unmetered Products may not be used to develop Derived Works that offer
          similar or competing functionality as the Product or expose features
          of the Product through an API for use by an unlicensed third party.

3.1.4.    Unmetered Products may not be used to develop Derived Works that offer
          similar functionality as the Product for any programming language,
          development framework or platform, including but not limited to
          .NET, Java, C++, Python, PHP, Ruby on Rails, node.js, SQL Reporting
          Services, JasperReports, SharePoint, Microsoft Dynamics, Microsoft
          Azure, Amazon Web Services (“AWS”), SalesForce.com, Google App Engine,
          Google Compute Engine or any other PaaS (Platform as a Service) or
          IaaS (Infrastructure as a Service) providers.

3.2.      Redistribution Restrictions for all Products
 
3.2.1.    Aspose will not provide support for Derived Works, Aspose will only
          provide support for the Product.

3.2.2.    Derived Works may not use any of the brands of the Company in their
          naming nor may any of the brands of the Company appear in their name,
          without prior written permission from Aspose.

3.2.3.    The name "Aspose" must not be used to endorse or promote products
          derived from the Product without prior written permission. For written
          permission, please contact sales@aspose.com.

3.3.      Term. The term of this Agreement shall continue perpetually from the
          date of purchase unless terminated according to Section 3.4.

3.4.      Termination. Without prejudice to any other rights, either party may
          terminate this Agreement if the opposite party fails to comply with
          the terms and conditions of this Agreement. In such event, You must
          destroy all copies of the Product, including but not limited to
          backups and all component parts and Derived Works.

3.5.      Survival. Unless by its nature a provision cannot survive this
          Agreement, the provisions of this Agreement shall survive the
          expiration or any termination of this Agreement.

3.6.      Consent to Use of Data. You agree that Aspose may collect and use
          technical information, excluding any Confidential Information,
          gathered as part of the Product support services provided to You.
          Aspose may use this information solely to improve our Products or to
          provide customized services or technologies to You. No information is
          collected by the Product; technical information must be provided to
          Aspose by You through the support process.

4.        CONSIDERATION.
 
4.1.      Currency. All dollar amounts set forth in this Agreement are in U.S.
          currency.

4.2.      Consideration for Metered Products. For the rights and license granted
          in this Agreement, each month Aspose will issue an invoice for the
          Metered Fee. You will pay the Metered Fee to Aspose within thirty (30)
          days after receipt of the invoice. If the Metered Fee is not paid with
          thirty (30) days after receipt of the invoice, then Aspose may
          terminate Your access to the Metered Product at their discretion. All
          Metered Fees are nonrefundable unless otherwise explicitly stated in
          this Agreement.

4.3.      Consideration for Unmetered Products. For the rights and license
          granted in this Agreement, You will pay Aspose the currently published
          price available at Aspose.com or another mutually agreed upon amount
          to appear on a valid invoice.

4.3.1.    Refund Policy. Aspose may, in its sole discretion, provide a refund
          for Unmetered Products within the first 15 days after payment is 
          received. Refunds will be administered as described in the refund 
          policy available at https://purchase.aspose.com/policies/refunds.

4.4       Taxes.  The license fees and any other amounts payable pursuant to the
          terms and conditions herein are exclusive of any taxes or duties, now 
          in force or enacted in the future, in the jurisdiction where the 
          payment is either made or received. To the extent that any such taxes 
          or duties are payable by Aspose, You must pay to Aspose the amount of 
          such taxes or duties in addition to any fees owed under this 
          Agreement.

5.        MAINTENANCE, UPDATES AND DISCONTINUATION.
 
5.1.      Maintenance for Metered Products. A thirty (30) day Maintenance
          Subscription is included each time the Metered Fee is paid.  A
          Maintenance Subscription may not be renewed if Your access to the
          product has been terminated due to nonpayment of the Metered Fee.

5.2.      Maintenance for Unmetered Products. Initial purchase of an Unmetered
          Product includes a one-year Maintenance Subscription. Thereafter, You
          may renew Your Maintenance Subscription annually. A Maintenance
          Subscription entitles the purchaser to Updates of the Product and
          access to Product fixes for a period of one (1) year (365 days).

5.3.      Updates. Aspose may, in its sole discretion, provide technical support
          and/or Updates to You hereunder.

5.4.      Technical Support. Technical Support, whether free or through a paid
          Enhanced Support subscription is provided with the following
          conditions:

5.4.1.    Technical support is provided only through Aspose Support Forums. You
          agree not to attempt to bypass the Support Forums via phone, email, or
          other means.

5.4.2.    Aspose does not guarantee that any fix will be provided in any given
          time period. Any estimates provided are estimates only and are not
          binding or enforceable.

5.4.3.    Updates and fix notifications are posted in the Aspose Support Forum;
          they are not provided directly to You.  You agree to check the
          relevant Support Forum for Updates and fixes.

5.4.4.    Aspose will provide support status updates when You request them.

5.4.5.    Aspose will typically provide support for the Product throughout the
          license subscription period whether the Product has been migrated or
          not. However, Aspose reserves the right to cancel support, whether
          provided for free or Enhanced Support for a fee, at any time and for
          any reason.

5.5.      Enhanced Support. Enhanced Support services will be provided
          substantially as described in the description of services available
          at http://www.aspose.com. In addition to the terms in Section 5.4, the
          following shall apply:

5.5.1.    Aspose shall use reasonable efforts to solve problems identified by
          You; however, Aspose does not warrant that it will solve any
          particular problem in a given timescale, or at all.

5.5.2.    Enhanced Support packages are subject to fair use policies as
          described on the Enhanced Support product descriptions.

5.6.      Product Migrations. Aspose reserves the right to merge or split
          Products at any time, whether offered individually or as a part of a
          Product suite. If a Product which You own a current Maintenance
          Subscription for is merged with another Product, then a license for
          the subsequent Product will be made available to You at no additional
          fee. If a Product which You own a current Maintenance Subscription for
          is split into separate Products, then a license for the subsequent
          Products will be made available to You at no additional fee.

5.7.      Close of Business. If for any reason, including insolvency or
          dissolution, Aspose is unable to remain in business under the Aspose
          name or another name they will provide the following remedy to each
          license owner:

5.7.1.    Aspose will make a reasonable effort to notify You at least thirty
          (30) days prior to close of business.

5.7.2.    You will be provided with the option of purchasing source code for the
          Product for which You own current Maintenance Subscription at a cost
          of no more than the cost of a single Site OEM license at that time.
          Some proprietary portions of the source code may be provided in
          compiled form only.

6.        DELIVERY. The Product and any associated materials are provided in
          electronic format only. You are responsible for downloading the
          Product from the Aspose website: http://www.aspose.com. Upon purchase,
           Aspose shall deliver to You a License File which will enable the
          Product to function in the purchased license capacity. If You are
          distributing software that includes Aspose Software then it is Your
          responsibility to protect Your License File to ensure no unauthorized
          access or unintended distribution is possible. Please log into Your
          Aspose account and visit this page for guidance on how to achieve
          this: http://www.aspose.com/purchase/protectlicense.aspx. Previous
          versions of the Product will only be available for a twelve (12) month
          period from the date of publishing; access to previous versions once
          removed will only be available to customers who hold a current
          subscription for the Product. CUSTOMERS ARE ADVISED TO KEEP A BACKUP
          COPY OF ANY DOWNLOADED PRODUCT FOR FUTURE USE.

7.        INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS. All title and intellectual property
          rights in and to the Product (including but not limited to any images,
          photographs, animations, video, audio, music, text and "applets"
          incorporated into the Product and any copies of the Product that You
          are expressly permitted to make herein) are owned by Aspose or its
          suppliers. All rights not expressly granted are reserved by Aspose.

8.        NONDISCLOSURE. Both Parties recognize that the other Party may obtain
          proprietary and/or Confidential Information in the course of their
          business. Each Party agrees to protect each other’s Confidential
          Information as follows:

8.1.      Time and Method. Both during the term of this Agreement and for a
          period of five (5) years after termination or expiration of this
          Agreement to hold each other’s Confidential Information in confidence
          and to protect the disclosed Confidential Information by using the
          same degree of care to prevent the unauthorized use, dissemination or
          publication of the Confidential Information as they use to protect
          their own confidential information of a like nature.

8.2.      Permitted Disclosure to Employees. Each Party agrees that it will only
          disclose Confidential Information to its responsible employees,
          contractors, professional advisors and similarly situated individuals
          who have a bona fide need to know and who are bound by agreement or by
          law to keep such information confidential.

8.3.      Other Permitted Disclosures. Each Party may disclose Confidential
          Information (i) as authorized by the other Party in writing or (ii) to
          the extent required by applicable law, court, or government agency,
          provided that the Party required to disclose Confidential Information
          promptly notifies the other Party and cooperates with any efforts by
          the other Party, at the other Party’s expense, to limit such
          disclosure by means of seeking a protective order or requesting
          confidential treatment.  Other than those expressly allowed under this
          Section 8 of the Agreement, no other disclosures of Confidential
          Information are permitted.

9.        LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES. You may be linked to third party sites
          through the use of the Product documentation. The third party sites
          are not under the control of Aspose, and Aspose is not responsible for
          the contents of any third party sites, any links contained in third
          party sites, or any changes or updates to third party sites. Aspose is
          not responsible for webcasting or any other form of transmission
          received from any third party sites. Aspose provides the links to
          third party sites to You only as a convenience, and the inclusion of
          any link does not imply an endorsement by Aspose of the third party
          site.

10.       LIMITED WARRANTY AND DISCLAIMER.
 
10.1.     Except with respect to an Evaluation Version of the Product, Aspose
          warrants that, for a period of thirty(30) days from the date of
          purchase (as evidenced by a copy of Your receipt) when used with a
          recommended hardware configuration, the Product will perform in
          substantial conformance with the documentation supplied with the
          Product. This warranty applies only on initial Product purchases and
          does not apply to Maintenance Subscription renewals or Updates.

10.2.     ASPOSE PROVIDES NO REMEDIES OR WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
          FOR EVALUATION VERSIONS OF THE PRODUCT. THE EVALUATION VERSION OF THE
          PRODUCT IS PROVIDED "AS IS".

10.3.     ASPOSE AND ITS SUPPLIERS DISCLAIM ALL OTHER WARRANTIES AND
          REPRESENTATIONS, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING THE
          WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
          ASPOSE DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE PRODUCT IS ERROR-FREE OR WILL OPERATE
          WITHOUT INTERRUPTION. THE PRODUCT IS NOT DESIGNED, INTENDED OR
          LICENSED FOR USE IN HAZARDOUS ENVIRONMENTS REQUIRING FAIL-SAFE
          CONTROLS, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE DESIGN, CONSTRUCTION,
          MAINTENANCE OR OPERATION OF NUCLEAR FACILITIES, AIRCRAFT NAVIGATION OR
          COMMUNICATION SYSTEMS, AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL, AND LIFE SUPPORT OR
          WEAPONS SYSTEMS. ASPOSE SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
          WARRANTY OF FITNESS FOR SUCH PURPOSES.

10.4.     IF APPLICABLE LAW REQUIRES ANY WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE PRODUCT,
          ALL SUCH WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED IN DURATION TO NINETY (90) DAYS FROM
          THE DATE OF DELIVERY.

10.5.     NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION OR ADVICE GIVEN BY ASPOSE, ITS DEALERS, 
          DISTRIBUTORS, AGENTS OR EMPLOYEES SHALL CREATE A WARRANTY OR IN ANY 
          WAY INCREASE THE SCOPE OF ANY WARRANTY PROVIDED HEREIN.

11.       EXCLUSIVE REMEDY. Your exclusive remedy for breach of warranty is to 
          return the Product to the place You acquired it, with a copy of Your 
          receipt and a description of the problem. If You report a breach of
          warranty to Aspose no more than thirty (30) days from the date of 
          purchase, then Aspose will use reasonable commercial efforts to supply
          You with a replacement copy of the Product that substantially 
          conforms to the documentation, or refund to You Your purchase price
          for the Product, at its option. Aspose shall have no responsibility
          if the failure arises out of use of the Product with other than a 
          recommended hardware configuration. THIS REMEDY IS THE SOLE AND 
          EXCLUSIVE REMEDY AVAILABLE TO YOU FOR BREACH OF EXPRESS OR IMPLIED 
          WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE PRODUCT.

12.       LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. Except with regard to: (i) breach of 
          confidentiality obligations; and (ii) any costs associated with the 
          defense chosen by Aspose pursuant to Section 13 “Indemnification,” and
          (iii) settlement, to the infringed upon party, of an intellectual 
          property right claim or moral right claim, liability shall be limited 
          as follows:

12.1.     NEITHER ASPOSE NOR ITS SUPPLIERS SHALL BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD 
          PARTY FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, COVER OR 
          CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR 
          THE INABILITY TO USE EQUIPMENT OR ACCESS DATA, LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS 
          OF PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION OR THE LIKE), ARISING OUT OF THE USE 
          OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE PRODUCT AND BASED ON ANY THEORY OF 
          LIABILITY INCLUDING BREACH OF CONTRACT, BREACH OF WARRANTY, TORT 
          (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), PRODUCT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF ASPOSE 
          OR ITS REPRESENTATIVES HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH 
          DAMAGES AND EVEN IF A REMEDY SET FORTH HEREIN IS FOUND TO HAVE FAILED 
          OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.

12.2.     ASPOSE'S TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ACTUAL DAMAGES, FOR ANY CAUSE 
          WHATSOEVER WILL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT PAID BY YOU FOR THE PRODUCT 
          THAT CAUSED SUCH DAMAGE.

12.3.     THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS ON LIABILITY ARE INTENDED TO APPLY TO THE 
          WARRANTIES AND DISCLAIMERS ABOVE AND ALL OTHER ASPECTS OF THIS 
          AGREEMENT.

12.4.     Force Majeure. Aspose is not liable hereunder by reasons of failure or 
          delay in the performance of its obligations hereunder on account of 
          strikes, shortages, riots, insurrection, war, acts of terrorism, 
          fires, flood, storm, explosions, earthquakes, acts of God, government 
          action, labor conditions, or any other cause which is beyond its 
          control.

13.       INDEMNITY. You agree to hold Aspose harmless against, and at Your 
          expense handle and defend, any claim and defend any third party suit 
          brought against You based upon an allegation that any software 
          developed by You and included in Derived Works produced using the 
          Product constitutes an infringement of any international patent, or 
          any copyright or other proprietary or intellectual property right. 
          You shall pay all damages and costs awarded in such suit.
          Aspose will indemnify, defend and hold You, and/or Your and/or its 
          affiliated and/or subsidiary companies harmless against any claims, 
          legal actions, losses and other expenses arising out of or in 
          connection with any claims that the Product and/or related 
          documentation infringes or violates any intellectual property right of 
          any third party ("Claim"), on the condition that You notify Aspose 
          promptly of the Claim and give Aspose sole control of the defense and 
          negotiations for its settlement or compromise. If You become, or may 
          become, prohibited from continued use of the Product by reason of an 
          actual or anticipated Claim, Aspose will use its reasonable efforts to 
          do the following: (a) obtain for You the right to use the Product, or 
          (b) replace or modify such Product so that it is no longer subject to 
          a Claim, but performs the same functions in an equivalent manner.
          In the event that Aspose determines, in its sole discretion, that 
          neither (A) nor (B) is commercially reasonable, Aspose shall refund 
          pro-rata unused license fees paid by You for the infringing Product.

14.       NO WAIVER.  No action taken by either party pursuant to this 
          Agreement, and no waiver by either party, whether express or implied, 
          of any provision or right in this Agreement or any breach thereof, and 
          no failure of either party to exercise or enforce any of its rights 
          under this Agreement, will constitute a continuing waiver with respect 
          to such provision or right or as a breach or waiver or any other 
          provision or right, whether or not similar.

15.       SEVERABILITY. If any covenant or provision of the Agreement is 
          determined to be void or unenforceable in whole or part, then such 
          void or unenforceable covenant or provision shall be deleted from this 
          Agreement and shall not effect or impair the enforceability or 
          validity of any other covenant or provision of this Agreement or any 
          part thereof.

16.       GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement is made in the State of New South Wales, 
          Australia and shall be governed and interpreted according to the laws 
          of New South Wales, Australia. Any lawsuit filed regarding this 
          Agreement shall be filed in New South Wales, Australia. The United 
          Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods 
          shall not apply to this Agreement.

17.       CAPTIONS. All indexes, titles, subject headings, section titles, and 
          similar items are provided for the purpose of reference and 
          convenience and are not intended to be inclusive, definitive, or to 
          affect the meaning or scope of this Agreement.

18.       UPDATES. Aspose may make updates and changes to this license Agreement 
          from time to time. Such changes will be posted on our website at 
          http://www.aspose.com as well as distributed with the Product. You are 
          bound by the terms of the Agreement as it is posted or distributed at 
          the most recent time you install the Product or Updates. If You do not 
          wish to be bound by the terms of this license Agreement You should not 
          install any Updates or additional Product(s).

19.       PUBLICITY. You grant Aspose the right to use Your name and logo in 
          press releases, brochures, case studies, marketing materials, the 
          Aspose website and similar materials indicating that You are a 
          customer of Aspose.

20.       PAID CONSULTING. Paid consulting customers are subject to the 
          Consulting Amendment in addition to this Agreement.

21.       ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement is the entire agreement between You 
          and Aspose relating to the license of the Product and the support 
          services (if any) You purchase hereunder and it supersedes all prior 
          or contemporaneous oral or written communications, proposals and 
          representations with respect to the Product or any other subject 
          matter covered by this Agreement. This Agreement includes and 
          encompasses materials referenced herein from the Aspose.com website. 
          To the extent the terms of any Aspose policies or programs for support 
          services conflict with the terms of this Agreement, the terms of this 
          Agreement shall control.

 

Important: Do not make changes to this agreement. If You are an Enterprise 
Support customer and wish to discuss any of the terms within this agreement, 
then please contact Aspose Sales for further information.